Agenda:
    - Sprint 1 Restrospective    
    - Sprint 2 Planning
    

Retrospective:
    1. From Alfredo's side, the planning was reasonable, can probably tackle additional points. Up-font estimation was a good investment of time. What didn't go as well, setting up the accounts. 
    2. Gio also completed his tasks earlier. 
    3. From Tyler: what worked well was having a large block of time to work on a not-well-defined scope. What can be improved: Not a good grasp on what other team members are working on. Better visibility on what team members are working on. 
    4. We discussed the process of how JIRAs are added to the backlog. Agreed that the Product Owner (in this case Colin), should make that determination. Sandra will follow-up with him to define a process. Can either automatically notify when a ticket arrives, or make it part of Sprint planning (i.e., review the tickets that have arrived in the last 3 weeks).  
    
    
Other:
    1. From Alfredo, need to size the effort for the metrics work once Gio and Steve Grundell are back. 
    
Sprint 2 Planning:
        1. Tyler has enough work remaining from JIRA ticket GPII-2316. He will open new tickets to address the remaining work. Refer to his notes on GPII-2316. This is expected to take up Sprint 2. Or he can be available to support higher priority work if needed. 
        2. For Alfredo, the highest priority for logging is its support for metrics, which will be needed in Pilot Stage 1. He will open a JIRA ticket that includes the notes from Steve Grundell. He also plans to start on Deployment of Prometheus server (GPII-2023), although Tyler suggested he may want to start on GPII-2319 to have it set up by the time of the Face-to-Face meeting in Toronto. He needs to balance his time between DevOps, system admin and supporting the demo on 21-Apr. 
        3. Action item: Talk to Gio on Wednesday about whether he wants to tackle creating a Docker Swarm cluster to compare against the Kubernetes cluster (GPII-2319) 
