Testing session 2018-05-04

Testing session by Kavya and Javi to troubleshoot the problems that Kavya has found during the testing of GPII-1.0.0-demo-MS-0.2.msi

	1. Sven - not applying the right color for the title bars
		2. Found out that if you disable "Automatically pick an accent color from my background" the title bars and other colors won't change when using sven
	1. Simi - The layout for the menu is not the expected one (I'm also experiencing this on my VAIO)
		2. On Kavya's VAIO the custom menu layout doesn't get restored
		2. On Kavya's laptop, menu doesn't change to custom layout
		2. On Javi's VM we're getting a "closer" menu, but stlil not the expected one
		2. On Javi's VAIO, after setting the SetExecutionPolicy to Bypass, now we're getting https://snag.gy/UnaqxQ.jpg
			3. The only difference from the expected behavior (https://snag.gy/8TjaZV.jpg ) is that the icon doesn't appear inside the red box
	1. Zak
		2. On Kavya's laptop, the magnification settings of 1.2 didn't apllied at all
			3. Checked that the settings file under appdata/gpii/ZoomText are fine
			3. The logfiles aren't showing any problem
		2. On Kavya's VAIO, the magnification level is being applied, but there's no speech output at all
	1. Microsoft Edge language changes with catalina,jiwoo and geeta
	1. We both are experiencing random hangs of Google Chrome after several key-in/key-out cycles - it's worth further investigation
	1. Kavya is experiencing GPII hangs after changing the way she keys-in - this is, first with nfc cards, then she uses usb and so on ... but not 100% reproducible
		2. Not sure if related, but during some testing on Javi's VAIO I could experience the following
			3. If I key in using NFC (it keys-in)
			3. If I try keying in with the USB drive, it doesn't work

NEXT ACTIONS:
	1. Javi will continue debugging problems with user listeners on line 21
	1. JJ will take a look at the problems we're having with Simi and Zak
	1. Kavya will continue testing on laptop windows 10 pro machine
