What Does Luke Want To Build?

4 social scientists
a philosophy major <-- who wrote most of the Python
a professor of international relations

the people who didn't care about purity are the ones who have built the operational pipelines that are still in effect
the technical debt is threatening to eat their organisation alive

1. Refactor their code
2. Make it run in containers

They currently have no reproducibe way of getting an execution environment onto a particular machine

3. Move over to an event based system rather than a pipeline

This will take about 5 months

The only technically interesting bit of this is the SHA-based doobry
Every operation on a row updates a SHA of the row

Processing scripts write to an organisationally accessible log, which allows bonkers results to be followed back through these SHA chains.

The only thing that I don't understand is what the difference between this and blockchain is.

A: The only difference is something that noone is interested in - which is, when there are multiple distributed copies of the entire database purporting to be the current one, you can tell which one it is.

"I need software processes to have identity as well as human processes"
"This thing called machine name which can never never change"

"disdain is not abstraction"

How big are we talking?

For Africa's voices, just a couple of hundred Mb

"If I stored every data item in a separate file, what I'm doing is just git", sad to say

However, for Lark, our dataset will be in the Petabytes
There will be "the provenance engine of Lark"

How will they get data into this thing?

They have a thing named Echomobile - what is it?
It is a platform that turns SMSes into an API (what?)

Their current API consists of HTML, CSS and JavaScript (what?)

People click on a button labelled "Download XLS" which actually gives them a CSV in a format which is not compliant with CSV

I will get back to you in the middle of April with the details of how we actually get this data

"And nothing good happens from there"




